1. user enters experience
2. they are asked to choose between desktop or mobile
3. they select desktop
4. if they are the first user in the game then they are the "lead" player
5. they are show their plane view, instructions, and overlay text indicating that they are on desktop and waiting for mobile player to join
6. Once the second player joins, the desktop user can choose between collabortive or competative play

6.1 They choose collabortive
6.2 Players are show instructions
6.3 Players have to tap to continue
6.4 while waiting for the other player, the screen shows (waiting for other player..)
6.5 once both players are ready the timer counts down to 1 (from 3) and the game starts
6.6 they have a minute to collect go through hoops/collect 
6.7 there is a counter indicting how many hoops they went through 

7. game ends
8. lead player is shown the screen and to choose between collaborative and competitive again
9. lead player selects competative
10. players are show instructions, once they tap through they start playing
11. players are show their score and their oponents (split screen, or can show a ghost plane)
12. game ends and they are shown their score vs the opponents score and who the winner is 

game state variables:
plane position
device type (automatic assignment)
other player's device type (automatic assignment)
lead player (automatic assignment first one to join)
player status (in game, ready to start)
other player status (in game, ready to start) --> can be enum
shared score
individual score
other player score
current game mode (collaborative or competative)

player status = waiting, ready, readyToPlay
waiting: when a player is in the game but not yet on the proper device
ready: automatically assigned when a player has entered the world, assigned when the game has ended
readyToPlay: when the player has clicked continue after reading the instructions and is ready to play the game

lead player: true or false


game status = waiting for players, mode selection, instructions, playing, game end 
waiting for players: default mode
mode selection: when both players are in the game
instructions: when a mode has been selected
playing: when both players have clicked continue
game end: when the timer ends


info that needs to be shared:
lead player
game mode
game status
scores
device type




